Terms and Conditions
Normal Business Hours: from 8.00 am to 6.00 pm Monday to Friday
Outside Business Hours: all work undertaken outside Normal Business Hours, including 24 hours service on weekends and Public Holidays.
Multiple days booking: when matters are settled early or interpreter is no longer required, a minimum fee is due equal to HALF OF THE DAYS BOOKED.
Minimum fee: 1 HOUR fee applies to all bookings, excluding Courts or special assignments.
Up to 1 HOUR: at the time of booking, you must advise Lingo List if you require the interpreter for longer than 1 HOUR. You will be charged for the time set aside by the Interpreter irrespective of the actual duration of assignment. The Interpreter has the right to leave to attend other appointments after 1 HOUR or after the time set aside for the assignment.
Half day basis morning session: if the matter is not reached or only partly heard by 1.00 pm on the day, the Interpreter has the right to leave to attend other appointments; Lingo List will spare no effort to engage a substitute Interpreter but cannot give any guarantee of availability. If original Interpreter is willing to continue beyond 1.00 pm, then the 1 FULL DAY FEE will apply. If a substitute Interpreter is engaged, then 2 HALF DAY FEES will apply.
Travel: the fees are inclusive of travel time and costs in the City of Sydney and suburbs. For distant suburbs or locations not serviced by public transport, for Investigation, Home visit, Work place, Library, Criminal centre, the minimum booking time is 1.5 hours and an additional travel fee also applies (ex.Camden, Campbelltown, Caringhbah, Little Bay, Penrith, Richmond, Springwood, Picton, etc.).
Cancellation: Cancellations of assignments will only be accepted if communicated IN WRITING (or facsimile) DIRECT to Lingo List’s office by the Client responsible for engaging the services. The cancellation fees will apply unless the requisite notice of cancellation as set out herein is given.
Payments: Lingo List will provide you or the third party you named as direct account with a TAX INVOICE which is due and payable within 30 DAYS of the date of assignment.
Undertaking: Lingo List will accept requests for Interpreting services under the condition they contain an “UNDERTAKING” as shown below and contained in the booking form: “We hereby acknowledge having read your Schedule of fees as well as your Terms and Conditions effective as at 1/07/2016 – new services at 1/04/2020 and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out therein and further undertake to pay Lingo List’s fees as prescribed therein or varied from time to time by written notice, within 30 DAYS of the date of assignment, including any applicable cancellation fees as detailed in Lingo List’s Schedule of fees”. On receipt of the undertaking, the booking will be accepted and Lingo List’s coordinating staff will exercise all effort to comply with your request. In the event that time (or availability of Interpreters) prohibits compliance, you will be advised prior to scheduled appointment.
Non-Attendance: While every effort is made to ensure the contractors attend their assignments at the time and place arranged, occasionally, for reasons beyond the control of anyone, there may be a nonattendance by an Interpreter as per the arrangements made. In those circumstances, Lingo List will not be liable for any payment to you in respect of any consequent fee or charge to you by a third party, such as a doctor, but rather, in the event such a fee or charge is incurred and Lingo List receives evidence of its payment, a rescheduled appointment for an Interpreter will be at no charge to you.
